README.md, before:

# Bringing Your Research Alive with ArcGIS StoryMaps
Welcome! Use this repository to find and download the workshop files needed for the JHU Data Services workshop to learn ArcGIS StoryMaps.


## Instructional Videos
If you are a Johns Hopkins affiliate with a JHED ID login, you have access to the following 3 instructional videos that can assist with ArcGIS StoryMaps training. Please note that these videos are recordings of live webinars conducted in 2022 and some of the material may be out of date. The Demo video refers to the files in this GitHub repository.
- [BringResearchAliveStoryMaps_Intro_20221004](https://jh.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=4fe66bad-c51e-4abe-ac18-af2600f106fc)
- [BringResearchAliveStoryMaps_Demo_20221004](https://jh.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=7e47af32-b57a-4af6-bc94-af26010527b2)
- [DataBytes_AdvancedStoryMaps_20221024](https://jh.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=48478519-5112-403d-a273-af38014d019b)


## Pre-Class Instructions
Before the class, navigate to the [WorkshopFiles folder](WorkshopFiles) and follow the instructions in that folder to download the files.


## Description of Files
- WorkshopFiles: This folder contains image and text files you will need for the workshop, both individually and as a single large download:
    - Abu Simbel.JPG
    - Abydos.jpg
    - Dahshur.JPG
    - Deir el Bahri.jpg
    - Deir el Medina.jpg
    - Dendera.jpg
    - Egypt Story Map Text 2022.docx
    - Giza.JPG
    - Karnak.jpg
    - Kom Ombo.JPG
    - Luxor Temple Day.jpg
    - Luxor Temple Night.JPG
    - Saqqara (Irukaptah).JPG
    - Title Slide - View over the Nile.jpg
- Please read the instructions document in that folder for directions on how to download them.


## Post-Class Survey
If you have taken the live webinar for this class, please take this survey: [Bring Your Research Alive with StoryMaps Survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/BeginnerStoryMap)


## License and Terms of Use
The presentation materials are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/), attributable to [Data Services](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/), Johns Hopkins University.

See LICENSE file for additional code licensing and re-use information.   

The images, external resources, and cheatsheets linked in this repository may have other licenses and terms of use.


## Citation
Please cite this material as:    
Johns Hopkins University Data Services. _Bringing Your Research Alive with StoryMaps_.


## About JHU Data Services   
Website: [dataservices.library.jhu.edu/](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/)   
Contact us: [dataservices@jhu.edu](mailto:dataservices@jhu.edu)   
JHU Data Services, part of the Johns Hopkins University Sheridan Libraries, helps the JHU community find, use, visualize, manage, and share data. We offer live webinars and self-paced online trainings on computational research and coding, GIS, data management, data visualization, and more. [See all of our training topics on our website.](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/training-workshops/)   

This repository contains materials for one of our live webinars open to JHU students, faculty, and staff. Please [contact us](mailto:dataservices@jhu.edu) with any questions.

As of March 2020, Data Services workshops are being held virtually on Zoom. [See our calendar to register for upcoming workshops.](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/training-workshops/calendar/)

Commit message:

added collections links from AGO to instructions

README.md, after:

# Bringing Your Research Alive with ArcGIS StoryMaps
Welcome! Use this repository to find and download the workshop files needed for the JHU Data Services workshop to learn ArcGIS StoryMaps.


## Instructional Videos
If you are a Johns Hopkins affiliate with a JHED ID login, you have access to the following 3 instructional videos that can assist with ArcGIS StoryMaps training. Please note that these videos are recordings of live webinars conducted in 2022 and some of the material may be out of date. The Demo video refers to the files in this GitHub repository.
- [BringResearchAliveStoryMaps_Intro_20221004](https://jh.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=4fe66bad-c51e-4abe-ac18-af2600f106fc)
- [BringResearchAliveStoryMaps_Demo_20221004](https://jh.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=7e47af32-b57a-4af6-bc94-af26010527b2)
- [DataBytes_AdvancedStoryMaps_20221024](https://jh.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=48478519-5112-403d-a273-af38014d019b)


## Instructional StoryMaps Collections
If you are a Johns Hopkins affiliate with a JHED ID login, you have access to the following 2 instructional StoryMaps Collections that can assist with ArcGIS StoryMaps training. The videos above use these links, and the downloads mentioned in them refers to the files in this GitHub repository.
- [Beginners Workshop Introduction to ArcGIS StoryMaps](https://storymaps.arcgis.com/collections/71def2259d01486ea52b345a5d2e8de8)
- [Interactive Demo Instructions for Building Your ArcGIS StoryMaps](https://storymaps.arcgis.com/collections/842b99e0edd54d7f8b0cfa804c552ae9)


## Pre-Class Instructions
Before the class, navigate to the [WorkshopFiles folder](WorkshopFiles) and follow the instructions in that folder to download the files.


## Description of Files
- WorkshopFiles: This folder contains image and text files you will need for the workshop, both individually and as a single large download:
    - Abu Simbel.JPG
    - Abydos.jpg
    - Dahshur.JPG
    - Deir el Bahri.jpg
    - Deir el Medina.jpg
    - Dendera.jpg
    - Egypt Story Map Text 2022.docx
    - Giza.JPG
    - Karnak.jpg
    - Kom Ombo.JPG
    - Luxor Temple Day.jpg
    - Luxor Temple Night.JPG
    - Saqqara (Irukaptah).JPG
    - Title Slide - View over the Nile.jpg
- Please read the instructions document in that folder for directions on how to download them.


## Post-Class Survey
If you have taken the live webinar for this class, please take this survey: [Bring Your Research Alive with StoryMaps Survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/BeginnerStoryMap)


## License and Terms of Use
The presentation materials are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/), attributable to [Data Services](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/), Johns Hopkins University.

See LICENSE file for additional code licensing and re-use information.   

The images, external resources, and cheatsheets linked in this repository may have other licenses and terms of use.


## Citation
Please cite this material as:    
Johns Hopkins University Data Services. _Bringing Your Research Alive with StoryMaps_.


## About JHU Data Services   
Website: [dataservices.library.jhu.edu/](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/)   
Contact us: [dataservices@jhu.edu](mailto:dataservices@jhu.edu)   
JHU Data Services, part of the Johns Hopkins University Sheridan Libraries, helps the JHU community find, use, visualize, manage, and share data. We offer live webinars and self-paced online trainings on computational research and coding, GIS, data management, data visualization, and more. [See all of our training topics on our website.](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/training-workshops/)   

This repository contains materials for one of our live webinars open to JHU students, faculty, and staff. Please [contact us](mailto:dataservices@jhu.edu) with any questions.

As of March 2020, Data Services workshops are being held virtually on Zoom. [See our calendar to register for upcoming workshops.](https://dataservices.library.jhu.edu/training-workshops/calendar/)
